the Israeli blood letting in Gaza
doesn't stop more homes destroyed more
families ripped apart by Israeli
bombs followed by the all to familiar
cries for help at overstretched
hospitals and the desperate fight to
save
lives the area was hit by a number of
missiles many were killed and injured
all of them were children all civilians
the entire area was leveled as if it
were an earthquake it is a genocide all
those killed were children innocent
children the entire neighborhood was
reduced to
dust the Gaza Health Ministry said
several Palestinians were killed and
injured in the strike Khan unit is in
southern Gaza and housing people
forcibly displaced from the north Israel
has told Palestinians to move South
while it intensifies operations in the
north then it bombs the South again and
again I was coming with my horse I
stopped the horse the aircraft came and
fired something that looked like a belt
in the sky the bombs rained down on us
there was bombardment everywhere they
were not Rockets they were like Barrel
bombs so I kept looking at them I have
two young daughters and this boy
everything collapsed and I couldn't see
anything survivors Salvage what they can
in the hope they may rebuild their homes
one day it's the first time I've seen
such an air strike what is happening I
asked God to take Vengeance on the
United States they killed us inflicted a
neckar upon us I ask God to take
Vengeance on the killers of our
children many Palestinians now say they
rely only on God they have no faith in
the rest of the
world Assad Al
jazer